[Feature] Notification Destination resource (#3820)
databricks/terraform-provider-databricks: docs/resources/notification_destination.md

  * `email` - The email configuration of the Notification Destination. It must contain the following:
    * `addresses` - (Required) The list of email addresses to send notifications to.
  * `slack` - The Slack configuration of the Notification Destination. It must contain the following:
    * `url` - (Required) The Slack webhook URL.
  * `pagerduty` - The PagerDuty configuration of the Notification Destination. It must contain the following:
    * `integration_key` - (Required) The PagerDuty integration key.
  * `microsoft_teams` - The Microsoft Teams configuration of the Notification Destination. It must contain the following:
    * `url` - (Required) The Microsoft Teams webhook URL.
  * `generic_webhook` - The Generic Webhook configuration of the Notification Destination. It must contain the following:
    * `url` - (Required) The Generic Webhook URL.
    * `username` - (Optional) The username for basic authentication.
    * `password` - (Optional) The password for basic authentication.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The unique ID of the Notification Destination.

## Note

> * If the type of notification destination is changed, the existing notification destination will be deleted and a new notification destination will be created with the new type.

Reviewer: It's better to move this note close to the arguments reference, and use this syntax to render it as a block:

```
-> **Note** If the type of notification destination is changed ...
```

    display_name = "Notification Destination"
    config {
        slack {
            url     = "https://hooks.slack.com/services/..."
        }
    }
}
```
`PagerDuty` notification destination:

```hcl
resource "databricks_notification_destination" "ndresource" {
    display_name = "Notification Destination"
    config {
        pagerduty {
            integration_key = "xxxxxx"
        }
    }
}
```
`Microsoft Teams` notification destination:

```hcl
resource "databricks_notification_destination" "ndresource" {
    display_name = "Notification Destination"
    config {
        microsoft_teams {
            url = "https://outlook.office.com/webhook/..."
        }
    }
}
```
`Generic Webhook` notification destination:

```hcl
resource "databricks_notification_destination" "ndresource" {
    display_name = "Notification Destination"
    config {
        generic_webhook {
            url = "https://example.com/webhook"
            username = "username" // Optional
            password = "password" // Optional
        }
    }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `display_name` - (Required) The display name of the Notification Destination.

> * `config` - (Required) The configuration of the Notification Destination. It must be one of the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `config` - (Required) The configuration of the Notification Destination. It must contain exactly one of the following blocks:
```
